chore(readme): add upgrade steps and QQ group in readme (#441)
wuwentao/midea_ac_lan: README.md

**_❗Note: Home Assistant 2023.8 or higher required for this integration_**

## Upgrade from georgezhao2010/midea_ac_lan

1. Remove old georgezhao2010/midea_ac_lan integration
2. [Install current integration](#installation)

> 3. Done, your device and data should be exist and works well as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Done, your devices, configuration and history data should be there and work as before.
```

Author: thank you very much for your review comments, fixed in latest commit

or use this service call without restart HA:

> `Developer Tools` -> `Actions` -> select `Logger: Set Log Level` -> `GO TO YAML MODE`
> paste below yaml content to the form，and run

```yaml
action: logger.set_level
data:
  custom_components.midea_ac_lan: debug
  midealocal: debug
```

> > Tips: this mode not required reboot, but it can't capture device startup error log, recommend to edit `configuration.yaml` file to enable debug mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tips: this mode doesn't require reboot, but it can't capture device startup error log, so is still recommended to edit `configuration.yaml` file to enable debug mode.
```
